Suggestion for donations (#33)
OWASP/www-project-mobile-security-testing-guide: tab_sponsorship.md

With the Mobile Security Testing Guide sponsorship packages, we offer companies opportunities to create brand awareness and maximize visibility in the mobile security space. A limited amount of sponsorship packages will be made available shortly through our crowdfunding campaign.

The following packages are available ([download as PDF](/assets/pdfs/mstg-sponsor-packages.pdf)):

### Good Samaritan (USD 500)

> - Listed as supporter on the project website and GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Listed as supporter on the project website and GitHub.
```

> - Listed as supporter in the printed and ebook versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Listed as supporter in the printed and ebook versions.
```

> - 5 Paperback Books

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 5 Paperback Books.
```

### Honourable Benefactor (USD 2,000 / 8 Available)

> - Small company logo in the “Honourable Benefactors” section on project website and Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Small company logo in the “Honourable Benefactors” section on project website and Github.
```

> - Small company logo on the sponsors page of the printed and ebook versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Small company logo on the sponsors page of the printed and ebook versions.
```

> - 10 Paperback Books

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 10 Paperback Books.
```

### Good Samaritan (USD 500)

- Listed as supporter on the project website and GitHub
- Listed as supporter in the printed and ebook versions
- 5 Paperback Books

### Honourable Benefactor (USD 2,000 / 8 Available)

- Small company logo in the “Honourable Benefactors” section on project website and Github
- Small company logo on the sponsors page of the printed and ebook versions
- 10 Paperback Books

### God Mode Sponsor (USD 4,000 / 5 Available)

- Large company logo in the “God mode sponsors” section on project website and Github.
- Large company logo on the sponsors page of the printed and ebook versions.
- 20 Paperback Books.

## Book a package

Contact [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) or [Jeroen Willemsen](mailto:jeroen.willemsen@owasp.org) to take your slot. We will then, together with the OWASP Foundation process your sponsorship.

## Why Sponsor?

> As it turns out, writing a book to a professional standard is a challenging task, even more so if there's 75+ authors that aren't necessarily native speakers. Also, professional editors, graphic designers and layouters don't work for free. Thus, some funds are needed to make the tech book a reality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As it turns out, writing a book to a professional standard is a challenging task, even more so if there are 75+ authors that aren't necessarily native speakers. Also, professional editors and graphic designers don't work for free. Thus, some funds are needed to make sure we can publish a quality tech book.
```

100% of the funds raised go directly into the project budget and will be used to fund production of the final release, including:

- Editing and proofreading by professional editors.
- Graphic design and layout improvements.

> - We might have to allocate money for testdevices if certain tests are not doable on existing emulators/simulators/test-devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Acquiring new test devices if certain tests can not be executed on existing emulators/simulators/test devices.
```

> ### God Mode Sponsor (USD 4,000 / 5 Available)

Reviewer: Note. I'd make this content a list, and the same goes for the rest of the packages, all lists and ending in full-stops. It's not being rendered as list as it is now written, therefore it's difficult to read.

Author: lists they are sir!

> Large company logo in the “God mode sponsors” section on project website and Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Large company logo in the “God mode sponsors” section on project website and Github.
```

> Large company logo on the sponsors page of the printed and ebook versions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Large company logo on the sponsors page of the printed and ebook versions.
```

> 20 Paperback Books

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 20 Paperback Books.
```

100% of the funds raised go directly into the project budget and will be used to fund production of the final release, including:

> Editing and proofreading by professional editors Graphic design and layout. Any leftover funds will be donated to the OWASP Foundation to the mobile security project for future use.

Reviewer: Why removing the list?

```suggestion
Editing and proofreading by professional editors as well as graphic design and layout improvements. Any leftover funds will be donated to the OWASP Foundation to the mobile security project for future use.
```

Author: so i can put it back now :D , you are right, lists are better.

> Editing and proofreading by professional editors Graphic design and layout. Any leftover funds will be donated to the OWASP Foundation to the mobile security project for future use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Editing and proofreading by professional editors, graphic design and layout. Any leftover funds will be donated to the mobile security project for future use.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure about what the policy is.

Author: Fixed it ;-)

> ## Smaller forms of donation

Reviewer: I suggest putting _Other_ because write-contributions are not necessarily "small" and in many cases even more valuable as money contributions :)

```suggestion
## Other Forms of Donation
```

> If you want to helpout the project, but don't have 500 bucks to spare, you can always contribute and end up at our [Acknowledgemenet section](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg/blob/master/Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md#acknowledgments "MSTG acknowledgements") or you can donate by buying a digital copy of the MSTG at [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/mobile-security-testing-guide "MSTG at Leanpub"). Donators can be mentioned in the acknowledgement section as well, from 10 USD onward. Note that you are anynounymous to us when you buy via Leanpub. Therefore, if you want to get listed, submit your payment receipt to [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) or [Jeroen Willemsen](mailto:jeroen.willemsen@owasp.org).

Reviewer: Here are Jeroen's changes + typos fixed

```suggestion
If you want to help out the project, but don't have enough funds to be a _Good Samaritan_, you can always contribute and end up at our [acknowledgement section](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg/blob/master/Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md#acknowledgments "MSTG acknowledgements") or you can donate by buying a digital copy of the MSTG at [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/mobile-security-testing-guide "MSTG at Leanpub"). Donators can be mentioned in the acknowledgement section as well, from 10 USD onward. Note that you are anonymous to us when you buy via Leanpub. Therefore, if you want to get listed, submit your payment receipt to [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) or [Jeroen Willemsen](mailto:jeroen.willemsen@owasp.org).
```

> If you want to helpout the project, but don't have 500 bucks to spare, you can always contribute and end up at our [Acknowledgemenet section](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg/blob/master/Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md#acknowledgments "MSTG acknowledgements") or you can donate by buying a digital copy of the MSTG at [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/mobile-security-testing-guide "MSTG at Leanpub"). Donators can be mentioned in the acknowledgement section as well, from 10 USD onward. Note that you are anynounymous to us when you buy via Leanpub. Therefore, if you want to get listed, submit your payment receipt to [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) or [Jeroen Willemsen](mailto:jeroen.willemsen@owasp.org).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to help out the project, but don't have enough funds to be a _Good Samaritan_, you can always contribute your time to the project by creating Issues or PRs, which will land you a spot on our [Acknowledgemenet section](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg/blob/master/Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md#acknowledgments "MSTG acknowledgements"). Alternatively, you can donate by buying a digital copy of the MSTG at [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/mobile-security-testing-guide "MSTG at Leanpub"). Donators can be mentioned in the acknowledgement section as well, from 10 USD onward. Note that you are anonymous to us when you buy via Leanpub. Therefore, if you want to get listed, submit your payment receipt to [Sven Schleier](mailto:sven.schleier@owasp.org) or [Jeroen Willemsen](mailto:jeroen.willemsen@owasp.org).
```
